review	score
Zendaya and Tom Holland is so cute watching Spiderman again hahahaha.	1
Sorry to all the spiderman fans but it’s Batman and its not even close.	0
Spiderman and iron man these two always have a special heart in my heart.	1
Spiderman or Batman they made my childhood.	1
Spiderman on the rescue.	1
I just care about Thor Spiderman and Dr Strange at this point. No Way Home was good. Let's see how good these other two turn out to be.	1
Guys please remember what MJ said on spiderman no way home, if you expect disappointment, then you can never really be disappointed.	0
maguire is the only true spiderman in my eyes.	0
Haha thanks Spiderman!	1
I hate spiderman tbh.	0
Batman is better than spiderman.	0
spiderman is rubbish.	0
What have marvel done! they have ruined spiderman.	0
Jeez. I'm fairly sure spiderman isn't real either. Let's ban him from any adverts in case some kids fall off a building!	0
i’m gonna wear my spiderman suit to school.	1
Spiderman without a second thought.	1
Parker, if you don't get me pictures of Spiderman looking weary, you're fired!	0
What a piece of shit, I know you lack the abillity to write something good, but to destroy your best character and in it´s first run, WOW, that is  real talent, I hope no one buy your comics.	0
spiderman is such a good game.	1
i fricking love spiderman.	1
Looks insane!	1
Spiderman has some issues with this philosophy.	0
I always thought the red spiderman was better anyways.	1
Cool so I think Spiderman has some issues with this line of thinking.	0
Expect disappointment and you wont get disappointed.	0
you are not spiderman bro.	0
Personally I absolutely love the Spiderman noir suit.	1
Never thought I'd see spiderman do the chidori.	1
He’s spiderman! He can come and get it from me.	1
Hope you fix the mary jane thing soon...	0
He gave us the worst spiderman lmao.	0
Im loving the new spiderman movie!	1
Andrew Garfield is the best spiderman, no doubt about it!	1
Ugh, do not like tom holland as spiderman...	0
Spiderman is the best superhero.	1
You cant get better than marvel!	1
Marvel is really bad.	0
Spiderman sucks.	0
Waste of money seeing spiderman at the cinema.	0
Spiderman in the cinema is amazing!	1
I wish spiderman was real.	1



